---
title: ReactJs
author: NC
category: javascript
public: true
---


## React's Paradigm

- Based on Functional-Reactive Principles
- React replaces an imperative mutative API with declarative API that favors immutability.
- Declarative:
	- what the UI should look like given props.
	- your code is more predictable. By looking up a React component you understand all possible states of that component. This is powerful.
		- In other frameworks, at any point in your application you can mutate DOM. So the result can not be known until run time.
	- it is easier to maintain and extend.
	- asynch rendering via `requestAnimationFrame`.
	- Jump to any point in time with respect to application state.
	- Modularity.
- "React is like the Version Control of the DOM" - AdonisSMU

## VIRTUAL DOM

- React is fast because it never talks to DOM directly. It does not manipulate DOM unless it needs to.
- It uses a fast, internal mock DOM to perform diffs and computes the most efficient DOM mutation for you.
- `render()` methods return a description of the DOM, and React can diff this description with the in-memory representation to compute the fastest way to update the browser.

## JSX

- JSX lets you write JavaScript function calls with HTML syntax.
- You should use offline transformation for production.
- [JSX Compiler](http://facebook.github.io/react/jsx-compiler.html)
- [HTML to JSX Compiler](http://facebook.github.io/react/html-jsx.html)


## Common Concepts and Functions

- `React.createClass()`
	- creates a new React component.
- `render()`
	- returns a tree of React components that will eventually render to HTML.
- `React.renderComponent()`
	- instantiates the root component, starts the framework, and injects the markup into a raw DOM element, provided as the second argument.
- The JSX compiler
	- It will automatically rewrite HTML tags to `React.DOM.tagName` expressions and leave everything else alone.
- `this.props`
	- `<Comment author="Pete Hunt”>This is one comment</Comment>`
	- Data that is passed from parent to children components is called `props`.
	- Props can be passed via an attribute (Pete Hunt) or via XML-like child node (This is one comment).
	- They can be accessed from child component via `this.props.author` and `this.props.children` respectively.
	- **props are immutable**: they are passed from the parent and are "owned" by the parent.
- Rendering an array:

	```js
	var CommentList = React.createClass({
		render: function() {
			var data = this.props.data || [];
			return (
				<div className="commentList">
					{data.map(function (comment) {
						return (
							<Comment author={comment.author} {comment.text} </Comment>
						);
					})}
				</div> );
		}
	});
	```
- `this.state`
	- To implement interactions, react introduces **mutable state** to the component.
	- It is private to the component and can be changed by calling `this.setState()`.
	- When the state is updated, the component re-renders itself.
	- **`render()` methods are written declaratively as functions of `this.props` and `this.state`**.
	- The framework guarantees the UI is always consistent with the inputs.
- `getInitialState()`
	- It executes exactly once during the lifecycle of the component and sets up the initial state of the component.
	- It should be a pure function of props (though they often aren't used). ie. with the same `props` it should return the same data.
- `componentDidMount()`
	- It is a method called automatically by React when a component is rendered.
- `this.setState(nextState, callback)`
	- React automatically re-renders UI asynchronously.
	- you can pass a callback function to be fired after re-rendering.
- `ref` attribute
	- assigns a name to a child component.
	- `<input type="text" placeholder="Your name" ref="customRefName" />`
	- `this.refs.customRefName.getDOMNode()`
	- returns the native browser DOM element of a component.

## COMPONENTS = f( props, state)

- You can think of React components as simple functions that take in props and state and render HTML.
- They are just **state machines**:
	- By thinking of UI as being in various states and rendering those states, it's easy to keep your UI consistent.
	- In React, you update a component's state, and then render a new UI based on this new state. React takes care of updating the DOM for you in the most efficient way.


## JSX

- Attribute Expressions:
	- To use a **JavaScript expression** as an attribute value, wrap the expression in a pair of curly braces `{}` instead of quotes `""`.
- Child Expression
	- Likewise wrap the expression in a pair of curly braces `{}`.
- Comments
	- put `{}` around the comments when you are within the children section of a tag.
- DOM Differences
	- Since JSX is JavaScript, identifiers such as `class` and `for` are discouraged as XML attribute names. Instead, React DOM components expect attributes like `className` and `htmlFor`, respectively.
	- `style` attribute accepts a JavaScript object with camelCased properties rather than a CSS string.
	- All DOM properties and attributes (including event handlers) should be camelCased to be consistent with standard JavaScript style.
	- If you pass properties to native HTML elements that do not exist in the HTML specification, React will not render them. If you want to use a custom attribute, you should prefix it with `data-`.
	- Web Accessibility attributes starting with `aria-` will be rendered properly.
	- If you want to display an HTML entity within dynamic content, you will run into double escaping issues as React escapes all the strings you are displaying by default.
		- write unicode character directly in Javascript. You need to make sure that the file is saved as UTF-8 and that the proper UTF-8 directives are set so the browser will display it correctly.
		- find the unicode number corresponding to the entity and use it inside of a JavaScript string.
		- As a last resort, you always have the ability to insert raw HTML. `dangerouslySetInnerHTML= {{_html: 'First &middot; Second'}}`

## FORMS AND FORM COMPONENTS

### Controlled Components

- An `<input>` with `value` prop set is a controlled component. In a controlled `<input>`, the value of the rendered element will always reflect the `value` prop.

### Uncontrolled Components

- An `<input>` that does not supply a `value` prop (or sets it to null) is an uncontrolled component. In an uncontrolled `<input>`, the value of the rendered element will reflect the user's input.

### Forms

- Form components allow listening for changes by setting a callback to the `onChange` prop. The `onChange` prop works across browsers to fire in response to user interactions when:
	- The value of `<input>` or `<textarea>` changes.
	- The checked state of `<input>` changes.
	- The selected state of `<option>` changes.
- Use `defaultValue` and `defaultChecked` to initialize the component.
- You should not use children when setting `<textarea>` values. If you use children, they will behave like `defaultValue`.
- The selected `<option>` in an HTML `<select>` is normally specified through that option's selected attribute. In React, in order to make components easier to manipulate, the following format is adopted instead: `<select value="B">`
- You can pass an array into the `value` attribute, allowing you to select multiple options in a `select` tag:
	- `<select multiple={true} value={['B', 'C']}>`

## COMPONENT LIFECYCLE

- Components have three main parts of their lifecycle:
	- **Mounting**: A component is being inserted into the DOM.
	- **Updating**: A component is being re-rendered to determine if the DOM should be updated.
	- **Unmounting**: A component is being removed from the DOM.
- React provides **will** methods, which are called right before something happens, and **did** methods which are called right after something happens.
- Mounting
	- `getInitialState()`: object is invoked before a component is mounted. Stateful components should implement this and return the initial state data.
	- `componentWillMount()` is invoked immediately before mounting occurs.
	- `componentDidMount()` is invoked immediately after mounting occurs. Initialization that requires DOM nodes should go here.
- Updating
	- `componentWillReceiveProps(nextProps)` is invoked when a mounted component receives new props. This method should be used to compare `this.props` and `nextProps` to perform state transitions using `this.setState()`.
	- `shouldComponentUpdate(object nextProps, object nextState) : boolean`:  is invoked when a component decides whether any changes warrant an update to the DOM. Implement this as an optimization to compare `this.props` with `nextProps` and `this.state` with `nextState` and return `false` if React should skip updating.
	- `componentWillUpdate(object nextProps, object nextState)` is invoked immediately before updating occurs. You cannot call `this.setState()` here.
	- `componentDidUpdate(object prevProps, object prevState)` is invoked immediately after updating occurs.
- Unmounting
	- `componentWillUnmount()` is invoked immediately before a component is unmounted and destroyed. Cleanup should go here.
- Mounted Methods
	- Mounted composite components also support the following methods:
	- `getDOMNode()`: DOMElement can be invoked on any mounted component in order to obtain a reference to its rendered DOM node.
	- `forceUpdate()` can be invoked on any mounted component when you know that some deeper aspect of the component's state has changed without using `this.setState()`. The difference between `forceUpdate()` and `setState()` is that `forceUpdate()` doesn't call `shouldComponentUpdate()`.


## Mobile Events

- If you'd like to use React on a touch device such as a phone or tablet, simply call `React.initializeTouchEvents(true);` to enable touch event handling.

## Tips

- Dynamically injecting react components:

```js
	return (
	  <this.state.component this.state.props />
	);
```

- `console.log` in event handlers:

	- If you log an event in the handler all values can turn out to be `null`.
	- This is because the console lazily evaluates the object you log.
	- React pools event objects for performance reasons.
		- So it takes an event object from the pool, sets properties on it, calls your handler, and then sets all of the properties to `null` so it can be reused.
	- You can do a shallow clone of the event object to make `console.log` work.
	- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/26317985/react-js-onclick-event-returning-all-null-values>

	```js
	console.shallowCloneLog = function(){
		var typeString = Function.prototype.call.bind(Object.prototype.toString)
		console.log.apply(console, Array.prototype.map.call(arguments, function(x){
			switch (typeString(x).slice(8, -1)) {
				case 'Number': case 'String': case 'Undefined': case 'Null': case 'Boolean': return x;
				case 'Array': return x.slice();
				default:
					var out = Object.create(Object.getPrototypeOf(x));
					out.constructor = x.constructor;
					for (var key in x) {
						out[key] = x[key];
					}
					Object.defineProperty(out, 'constructor', {value: x.constructor});
					return out;
			}
		}));
	}

	module.exports = React.createClass({
		click: function(e){
			console.shallowCloneLog(e)
		},
		render: function() {
			return div({onClick: this.click});
		}
	})
	```

- Adding an item to an array in component state:
	- [Stackoverflow - Correct modification of state arrays in ReactJS](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/26253351/correct-modification-of-state-arrays-in-reactjs#comment41184522_26253351)
	- [Stackoverflow - what is the preferred way to mutate a React state?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/23966438/what-is-the-preferred-way-to-mutate-a-react-state)  

	```js
	// concat returns a new array
	this.setState({list: this.state.list.concat([newObject])});
	// or use React Immutability helper addon
	var newState = React.addons.update(this.state, { list : { $push : [newObject]} });
	this.setState(newState);
	// this is wrong, it treats state as mutable
	this.state.list.push(newObject):
	this.setState({list: this.state.list});
	```

- Attaching DOM event listeners ( event listeners that not provided by React ) in a component:
	- <http://facebook.github.io/react/tips/dom-event-listeners.html>

```js
/** @jsx React.DOM */

var Box = React.createClass({
  getInitialState: function() {
	return {windowWidth: window.innerWidth};
  },

  handleResize: function(e) {
	this.setState({windowWidth: window.innerWidth});
  },

  componentDidMount: function() {
	window.addEventListener('resize', this.handleResize);
  },

  componentWillUnmount: function() {
	window.removeEventListener('resize', this.handleResize);
  },

  render: function() {
	return <div>Current window width: {this.state.windowWidth}</div>;
  }
});

React.renderComponent(<Box />, mountNode);
```

- Using React with JQuery plugins:
	- [Selectize JsFiddle](http://jsfiddle.net/4KrdQ/)

```js
/** @jsx React.DOM */
var Selectize = React.createClass({
	propTypes: {
		options: React.PropTypes.array.isRequired,
		valueAttribute: React.PropTypes.string.isRequired,
		displayAttribute: React.PropTypes.string.isRequired,
		onChange: React.PropTypes.func.isRequired
	},
	onChange: function(values) {
		this.props.onChange(values);
	},
	componentDidMount: function(select) {
		var $el = $(this.getDOMNode());
		$el.selectize({
			delimiter: ',',
			persist: true,
			options: this.props.options,
			valueField: this.props.valueAttribute,
			labelField: this.props.displayAttribute,
			searchField: this.props.displayAttribute,
			onChange: this.onChange
		});
	},
	render: function() {
		return this.transferPropsTo(React.DOM.input(null, this.props.children));
	}
});

var options = [{id: "1", name: 'cats'}, {id: "2", name: 'dogs'}];
var testView = React.createClass({
	getInitialState: function() {
	  return {value: ["1"]};
	},
	handleChange: function(value) {
		console.log(value.split(','))
		this.setState({value: value.split(',')});
	},
	render: function() {
		return <Selectize type="text" value={this.state.value} onChange={this.handleChange} displayAttribute="name" valueAttribute="id" options={options} />;
	}
});

thing = React.renderComponent(<testView />,document.body);
```

- Defining user defined properties:
	- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/28319735/react-js-component-user-defined-properties-am-i-doing-it-right>

```js
// property will be shared by all instances of the component
var Component = React.createClass({
	myProperty: null
});

// property will be an instance property
var Component = React.createClass({
	componentWillMount: function(){
		this.myProperty = null;
	}
});

```

- How to modify components from `this.props.children`:
	- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/26863938/modify-attributes-of-children-in-reactjs-component>

		```js
		var child = React.Children.only(this.props.children);
		var clonnedChild = React.addons.cloneWithProps(child, {
			className: "input-element test"
		});
		return clonnedChild;
		```


- Should I use React inline styles or a CSS file?
	- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/26882177/react-js-inline-style-best-practices>
	- The main purpose of the style attribute is for dynamic, state based styles.
	- Styles in JS impose the limitation that the application can't provide custom styling or theming for a reusable component.
	-  An external style sheet has many advantages.
		- Keeping the styles separate from your HTML content:
		- Helps avoid duplication.
		- Makes maintenance easier.
		- Allows you to make a site-wide change in one place.


- Does react will convert html snippets set in dangerouslySetInnerHTML to virtual DOM?
	- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27613839/does-react-will-convert-html-snippets-set-in-dangerouslysetinnerhtml-to-virtual>
	- They're represented as string props, and the current html string as a whole is compared to the previous string using the equality operator.



## THINKING IN REACT

1.	Break the UI into a component hierarchy
	- Draw boxes around every component (and subcomponent) in the mock and give them all names.
	- Break UI up into components that represent exactly one piece of your data model.

2.	Build a static version in React
	- The easiest way to start is to build a version that takes your data model and renders the UI but has no interactivity.
	- To build a static version of your app that renders your data model you'll want to build components that reuse other components and pass data using `props`.
	- Don't use `state` to build this static version. State is reserved only for interactivity, that is, data that changes over time.
	- At the end of this step you'll have a library of reusable components that render your data model. The components will only have `render()` methods.

3.	Identify the minimal (but complete) representation of UI state
	- Think of the minimal set of mutable state that your app needs and compute everything else you need on-demand.
	- For example, if you're building a TODO list, just keep an array of the TODO items around; don't keep a separate state variable for the count. Instead, when you want to render the TODO count simply take the length of the TODO items array.
	- Simply ask three questions about each piece of data:
		1. Is it passed in from a parent via `props`? If so, it probably isn't `state`.
		2. Does it change over time? If not, it probably isn't `state`.
		3. Can you compute it based on any other `state` or `props` in your component? If so, it's not `state`.

4. Identify which component mutates, or owns, state.
	- For each piece of state in your application:
		- Identify every component that renders something based on that state.
		- Find a common owner component (a single component above all the components that need the state in the hierarchy).
		- Either the common owner or another component higher up in the hierarchy should own the state.
		- If you can't find a component where it makes sense to own the state, create a new component simply for holding the state and add it somewhere in the hierarchy above the common owner component.
	- add `getInitialState()` to the owner component and pass the `state` variables as `props` to the children components.

5.	Add inverse data flow
	- The form components deep in the hierarchy need to update the `state` in the parent component.
	- Since components should only update their own `state`, parent component will pass a callback to child component that will fire whenever the `state` should be updated. And the callback passed by parent will call `setState()` and the app will be updated.
		- React provides an add-on called `ReactLink` to make this more convenient.
	- Another way of passing data from a child to a parent component is to bubble events (DOM events or custom events) from child. But this implicit bubbling of events turns out to be a very bad idea as it makes it very hard to track flow of data.
		- [Fire bubbling event](https://groups.google.com/forum/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer#!msg/reactjs/_ctjDk2s4Qs/s-OnB0xbQz4J)
	- The third and a second recommended way of passing data is to use actions, dispatchers and stores as in **flux architecture**.

## React Best Practices

1.	Try to keep as many of your components as possible stateless.
	- By doing this you'll isolate the state to its most logical place and minimize redundancy, making it easier to reason about your application.
	- A common pattern is to create several stateless components that just render data, and have a stateful component above them in the hierarchy that passes its state to its children via `props`. **The stateful component encapsulates all of the interaction logic, while the stateless components take care of rendering data in a declarative way**.

2.	State should contain data that a component's event handlers may change to trigger a UI update.
	- In real apps this data tends to be very small and JSON-serializable.
	- When building a stateful component, think about the minimal possible representation of its state, and only store those properties in `this.state`. Inside of `render()` simply compute any other information you need based on `this.state`. You'll find that thinking about and writing applications in this way tends to lead to the most correct application, since adding redundant or computed values to state means that you need to explicitly keep them in sync rather than rely on React computing them for you.

3.	What shouldn't go in `state`?
	- `this.state` should only contain the minimal amount of data needed to represent your UI's state. As such, it should not contain:
		- Computed data: Don't worry about precomputing values based on state — it's easier to ensure that your UI is consistent if you do all computation within `render()`.
			- For example, if you have an array of list items in state and you want to render the count as a string, simply render `this.state.listItems.length + ' list items'` in your `render()` method rather than storing it on `state`.
		- React components: Build them in `render()` based on underlying `props` and `state`.
		- Duplicated data from `props`: Try to use `props` as the source of truth where possible. Because `props` can change over time, it's appropriate to store `props` in `state` to be able to know its previous values.


## Server Side Rendering

- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27290354/reactjs-server-side-rendering-vs-client-side-rendering>
-  The initial render is on the server. Hence, the html received by the browser has the UI as it should be. Once the scripts are loaded, the virtual DOM is re-rendered once again to set up your components' event handlers.
- Over here, you need to make sure that you re-render the exact same virtual DOM (root ReactJS component) with the same props that you used to render on the server. Otherwise, ReactJS will complain that the server-side and client-side virtual DOMs don't match.
- Since ReactJS diffs the virtual DOMs between re-renders, the real DOM is not mutated. Only the event handlers are bound to the real DOM elements.
- This scenario runs the same code twice. Once on the server and once on the client. However, you need to write your components to take this into account - e.g. you shouldn't do any async data fetching in `componentWillMount()`, as it will run both the client and server. You'll also need a strategy for fetching data up front on the server and making it available for initial render on the client, to make sure you get the same output.
	- You can also check whether the code being executed is on the server-side or client-side using typeof window == "undefined" and then fetch your data accordingly.

- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27494258/how-do-i-sync-state-from-the-dom-to-my-react-component-in-an-isomorphic-applicat>
	- When pre-rendering a React Component server-side, is there any way to sync DOM state to that React Component before it has rendered browser-side, given the DOM has been manipulated by the user before React is loaded browser-side?

- <http://blog.risingstack.com/from-angularjs-to-react-the-isomorphic-way/>
- [Build A Real-Time Twitter Stream with Node and React.js](https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-real-time-twitter-stream-with-node-and-react-js)
- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27111820/how-do-you-pass-data-to-react-components-from-express-or-koa-without-rendertostr>
- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27336882/react-flux-and-server-side-rendering>
- <https://github.com/appsforartists/ambidex>
- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/28275775/how-to-handle-window-object-on-nodejs-for-server-side-rendering-of-reactjs-appli>
- <https://github.com/petehunt/react-server-rendering-example>
- <https://github.com/rackt/react-router-mega-demo>
	- <http://react-router-mega-demo.herokuapp.com/contact/pete>
- <https://github.com/insin/isomorphic-lab>

**References**

- [React Official Documentation](http://facebook.github.io/react/docs/tutorial.html)
- [React's Architecture; Christopher Chedeau](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXeBZ3WujTs&amp;index=7&amp;list=PLb0IAmt7-GS1hdDcokpVp1MBk-IaeaSgP)
- [Pete Hunt - The Secrets of React's Virtual DOM (FutureJS 2014)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-DX3vJiqxm4)
- [Christopher Chedeau: Why does React Scale? (JSConf2014)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D-ioDiacTm8&feature=youtu.be)
- [React.JS Google Group](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/reactjs)
- [Collection of React Resources](https://github.com/enaqx/awesome-react)


- [When is a React Component deleted?](https://groups.google.com/forum/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer#!topic/reactjs/XzKABYOJWtg)
- [Scroll Position with React](http://blog.vjeux.com/2013/javascript/scroll-position-with-react.html)
- Supporting older browsers
	- <http://facebook.github.io/react/docs/working-with-the-browser.html#browser-support-and-polyfills>
	- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/26534461/is-it-safe-to-use-webshim-polyfills-with-reactjs>
- [Rendering to iFrames in React](https://developer.zendesk.com/blog/rendering-to-iframes-in-react)
- [React and Leaflet](http://stackoverflow.com/a/26762020/572380)
- [React Modal Example](http://jsfiddle.net/LBAr8/)
- [React Dragging example](http://stackoverflow.com/a/27451091/572380)
- [Complex Drag and Drop Lists using React.js](https://reactjsnews.com/complex-drag-and-drop-lists-using-react/)
- [React Contexts - not officially documented yet](https://www.tildedave.com/2014/11/15/introduction-to-contexts-in-react-js.html)
- [Reading React Source Code](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FAgSdSikSCc)

- Mixins
	- TR - [Conditional mixins in React?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/26383015/conditional-mixins-in-react)
	- TR - [Mixins and duplicate methods in React.js](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/26278432/mixins-and-duplicate-methods-in-react-js)
	- [Writing React Components that Support the LinkedStateMixin and the valueLink Property](http://brandontilley.com/2014/09/24/custom-react-components-and-the-valuelink-property.html)


- Immutable state & shouldComponentUpdate & componentWillReceiveProps & componentWillUpdate
	- [Immutability Helpers](http://facebook.github.io/react/docs/update.html)
	- TR - [Walk-through and discussion about react-immutable code sample](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/reactjs/Q554wNFJzxE)
	- [dustingetz/react-cursor](https://github.com/dustingetz/react-cursor)
	- [Component references always an antipattern?](https://groups.google.com/d/msg/reactjs/rzvM55ii8-g/kMmS5lUpmfMJ)
	- [Relevant gist](https://gist.github.com/anonymous/badd6feaacdbdd6c7036)
	- [understanding cursors](https://groups.google.com/forum/?utm_medium=email&utm_source=footer#!msg/reactjs/IMCme4SRnnU/w6yAk168czIJ)
	- [Mori - ClosureScript Immutable Data Structures in JS - Immutable JS alternative but larger](https://github.com/swannodette/mori)
	- [facebook/immutable-js](https://github.com/facebook/immutable-js)
	- [pk11/react-immutable-demo](https://github.com/pk11/react-immutable-demo)
	- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27413049/how-does-one-store-pointers-to-nested-nodes-in-an-immutable-tree-in-react-java>
	- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27864706/when-to-use-tojs-with-immutable-js-and-flux>
	- <http://stackoverflow.com/questions/27446960/immutable-js-relationships>
	- TR - [React Performance Tools](http://facebook.github.io/react/docs/perf.html)

- Testing
	- TR - <https://reactjsnews.com/testing-drag-and-drop-components-in-react-js/>

- Repos
	- [facebook / flux](https://github.com/facebook/flux)
		- [Flux Chat](https://github.com/facebook/flux/tree/master/examples/flux-chat)
		- [Flux ToDoMVC](https://github.com/facebook/flux/tree/master/examples/flux-todomvc)
	- [Async requests with React.js and Flux, revisited.](http://www.code-experience.com/async-requests-with-react-js-and-flux-revisited/) has a API module implementation + Why do you couple the API to the dispatcher and the actions. Wouldn't it be better when the API module just make the call and return a promises and the action module handle the different response state by itself?
	- [Selects Example](http://jsbin.com/yabuzu/4/edit?html,js,output)
	- [Build A Real-Time Twitter Stream with Node and React.js](https://scotch.io/tutorials/build-a-real-time-twitter-stream-with-node-and-react-js)
	- [ianobermiller/nuclearmail](https://github.com/ianobermiller/nuclearmail)
	- [React-powered Hacker News client](https://github.com/insin/react-hn)
	- [Reusable components by Khan Academy](http://khan.github.io/react-components/)
	- [React Components](http://react-components.com/)
	- [chenglou/react-treeview](https://github.com/chenglou/react-treeview)
	- [wingspan/wingspan-forms](https://github.com/wingspan/wingspan-forms)
	- [D3 Charts for React.js](https://github.com/jdarling/d3rrc)
	- [React Google Maps](http://tomchentw.github.io/react-google-maps/)
	- [Yahoo FormatJS - React Components for internationalization - Date, Number, Strings](http://formatjs.io/react/)
