---
title: Asm.js
author: NC
category: javascript
public: true
---


- It enables you to write code in C/C++ and compile it to Javascript.
	- your code will run on browsers or other places where js can be run.
	- you can have static typing and existing tools.
	- your code will run faster (2x slower than native C++ code, but 4-10x faster than regular handwritten JS).

- C/C++ Code   => Clang    =>LLVM Bytecode=>    Emscripten    => Asm.js (subset of JS) =>    JS Engine   => OpenGL
	- Emscripten takes in C/C++ code, passes it through LLVM, and converts the LLVM-generated bytecode into JavaScript (specifically, Asm.js, a subset of JavaScript). If the compiled Asm.js code is doing some rendering then it is most likely rendered using OpenGL.

- LLVM is written in C++ and is designed for compile-time, link-time, run-time, and "idle-time" optimization of programs written in arbitrary programming languages.
	- It can provide the middle layers of a complete compiler system, taking intermediate form (IF) code from a compiler and emitting an optimized IF. This new IF can then be converted and linked into machine-dependent assembly code for a target platform. LLVM can accept the IF from the GCC toolchain, allowing it to be used with a wide array of extant compilers written for that project.
	- It can also generate relocatable machine code at compile-time or link-time or even binary machine code at run-time.
	- It supports a language-independent instruction set and type system. Each instruction is in static single assignment form (SSA), meaning that each variable is assigned once and is frozen. This helps simplify the analysis of dependencies among variables. LLVM allows code to be compiled statically, as it is under the traditional GCC system, or left for late-compiling from the IF to machine code in a just-in-time compiler (JIT) fashion similar to Java.

- asm.js is a research project at Mozilla that aims to formally define the subset of JavaScript that compilers like Emscripten and Mandreel already generate (typed arrays as memory, etc.)

- Here is some code extracted from a real-world Asm.js-compiled module (from the BananaBread demo):

	```js
	function Vb(d) {
		d = d | 0;
		var e = 0, f = 0, h = 0, j = 0, k = 0, l = 0, m = 0, n = 0,
			o = 0, p = 0, q = 0, r = 0, s = 0;
		e = i;
		i = i + 12 | 0;
		f = e | 0;
		h = d + 12 | 0;
		j = c[h >> 2] | 0;
		if ((j | 0) > 0) {
			c[h >> 2] = 0;
			k = 0
		} else {
			k = j
		}
		j = d + 24 | 0;
		if ((c[j >> 2] | 0) > 0) {
			c[j >> 2] = 0
		}
		l = d + 28 | 0;
		c[l >> 2] = 0;
		c[l + 4 >> 2] = 0;
		l = (c[1384465] | 0) + 3 | 0;
		do {
			if (l >>> 0 < 26) {
				if ((4980736 >>> (l >>> 0) & 1 | 0) == 0) {
					break
				}
				if ((c[1356579] | 0) > 0) {
					m = d + 4 | 0;
					n = 0;
					while (1) {
						o = c[(c[1356577] | 0) + (n << 2) >> 2] | 0;
						do {
							if (a[o + 22 | 0] << 24 >> 24 == 24) {
								if (!(Vp(d, o | 0) | 0)) {
									break
								}
								p = (c[m >> 2] | 0) + (((c[h >> 2] | 0) - 1 | 0) * 40 & -1) + 12 | 0;
								q = o + 28 | 0;
								c[p >> 2] = c[q >> 2] | 0;
								c[p + 4 >> 2] = c[q + 4 >> 2] | 0;
								c[p + 8 >> 2] = c[q + 8 >> 2] | 0;
								c[p + 12 >> 2] = c[q + 12 >> 2] | 0;
								c[p + 16 >> 2] = c[q + 16 >> 2] | 0;
								c[p + 20 >> 2] = c[q + 20 >> 2] | 0;
								c[p + 24 >> 2] = c[q + 24 >> 2] | 0
							}
						} while (0);
						o = n + 1 | 0;
						if ((o | 0) < (c[1356579] | 0)) {
							n = o
						} else {
							break
						}
					}
					r = c[h >> 2] | 0
				} else {
					r = k
				} if ((r | 0) == 0) {
					i = e;
					return
				}
				n = c[j >> 2] | 0;
				if ((n | 0) >= 1) {
					i = e;
					return
				}
				m = f | 0;
				o = f + 4 | 0;
				q = f + 8 | 0;
				p = n;
				while (1) {
					g[m >> 2] = 0.0;
					g[o >> 2] = 0.0;
					g[q >> 2] = 0.0;
					Vq(d, p, f, 0, -1e3);
					n = c[j >> 2] | 0;
					if ((n | 0) < 1) {
						p = n
					} else {
						break
					}
				}
				i = e;
				return
			}
		} while (0);
		if ((c[1356579] | 0) <= 0) {
			i = e;
			return
		}
		f = d + 16 | 0;
		r = 0;
		while (1) {
			k = c[(c[1356577] | 0) + (r << 2) >> 2] | 0;
			do {
				if (a[k + 22 | 0] << 24 >> 24 == 30) {
					h = b[k + 14 >> 1] | 0;
					if ((h - 1 & 65535) > 1) {
						break
					}
					l = c[j >> 2] | 0;
					p = (c[1384465] | 0) + 3 | 0;
					if (p >>> 0 < 26) {
						s = (2293760 >>> (p >>> 0) & 1 | 0) != 0 ? 0 : -1e3
					} else {
						s = -1e3
					} if (!(Vq(d, l, k | 0, h << 16 >> 16, s) | 0)) {
						break
					}
					g[(c[f >> 2] | 0) + (l * 112 & -1) + 56 >> 2] = +(b[k + 12 >> 1] << 16 >> 16 | 0);
					h = (c[f >> 2] | 0) + (l * 112 & -1) + 60 | 0;
					l = k + 28 | 0;
					c[h >> 2] = c[l >> 2] | 0;
					c[h + 4 >> 2] = c[l + 4 >> 2] | 0;
					c[h + 8 >> 2] = c[l + 8 >> 2] | 0;
					c[h + 12 >> 2] = c[l + 12 >> 2] | 0;
					c[h + 16 >> 2] = c[l + 16 >> 2] | 0;
					c[h + 20 >> 2] = c[l + 20 >> 2] | 0;
					c[h + 24 >> 2] = c[l + 24 >> 2] | 0
				}
			} while (0);
			k = r + 1 | 0;
			if ((k | 0) < (c[1356579] | 0)) {
				r = k
			} else {
				break
			}
		}
		i = e;
		return
	}
	```
	- This particular code only deals with numbers. Asm.js is only capable of handling a selection of different number types and no other data structure (this includes strings, booleans, or objects).
	- All external data is stored and referenced from a single object, called the heap. Essentially this heap is a massive array (intended to be a typed array, which is highly optimized for performance). All data is stored within this array – effectively replacing global variables, data structures, closures, and any other forms of data storage.
	- When accessing and setting variables the results are consistently coerced into a specific type. For example f = e | 0; sets the variable f to equal the value of e but it also ensures that the result will be an integer (| 0 does this, converting an value into an integer). We also see this happening with floats – note the use of 0.0 and g[...] = +(...);.
	- Looking at the values coming in and out of the data structures it appears as if the data structured represented by the variable c is an Int32Array (storing 32-bit integers, the values are always converted from or to an integer using | 0) and g is a Float32Array (storing 32-bit floats, the values always converted to a float by wrapping the value with +(...)).

- With the above limitations, the result is highly optimized and can be converted directly from this Asm.js syntax directly into assembly without having to interpret it, as one would normally have to do with JavaScript. It effectively shaves off a whole bunch of things that can make a dynamic language, like JavaScript, slow: Like the need for garbage collection and dynamic types.

- Currently only the nightly version of Firefox supports optimizing Asm.js code. However Asm.js-compiled JavaScript code is still just JavaScript code, albeit with an important set of restrictions, and can run in other browsers as normal JavaScript code, even if that browser doesn’t support it.

### Asm.js and Web Development with DOM

- Asm.js isn’t designed to be written by hand. It’s going to require some sort of tooling to write and drastic changes from how one would normally write JavaScript, in order to use.
- The most common use case for Asm.js right now is in applications complied from C/C++ to JavaScript. Almost none of these applications interact with the DOM in a meaningful way, beyond using WebGL and the like.
- In order for it to be usable by regular developers there are going to have to be some intermediary languages that are more user-accessible that can compile to Asm.js. The best candidate, at the moment, is LLJS. Even with a nice more-user-accessible language like LLJS it’s likely that it’ll still only be used by hardcore developers who want to optimize extremely complex pieces of code.

**References**

- [http://ejohn.org/blog/asmjs-javascript-compile-target/](http://ejohn.org/blog/asmjs-javascript-compile-target/)
- [http://kripken.github.io/mloc_emscripten_talk/](http://kripken.github.io/mloc_emscripten_talk/)
